hi everyone Dr eatonson here with a
short little video to tell you about my
book unmasking narcissism a guide to
understanding The Narcissist in your
life the book is relatively short and
it's written in plain English it's
written for people who want to
understand the psychology of a
narcissistic friend colleague or loved
one perhaps most importantly the book is
written from a compassionate and
non-stigmatizing perspective based on
the belief that we're all human beings
it's available on Amazon and also at
Major book retailers I'll put a link in
the description and if you'd like to
learn more about narcissism from a
compassionate and non-sigmatizing
perspective be sure to check out my
YouTube channel heal NPD thanks for
watching and take good care